reference: add tidb session variable description about `tidb_allow_remove_auto_inc` (#1533)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/mysql-compatibility.md

1. The client issues the `insert into t values (1, 1)` statement to Instance B which sets the `id` to 1 and the statement is executed successfully.
2. The client issues the `insert into t (c) (1)` statement to Instance A. This statement does not specify the value of `id`, so Instance A allocates the value. Currently, Instances A caches the auto-increment ID of [1, 30000], so it allocates the `id` value to 1 and adds 1 to the local counter. However, at this time the data with the `id` of 1 already exists in the cluster, therefore it reports `Duplicated Error`.

> Also, starting with TiDB 2.1.18 and 3.0.4, TiDB supports removing `auto_increment` property of a column by `alter table modification` or `alter table change` through the system variable `tidb_remove_auto_inc`, which is not allowed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, starting from TiDB 2.1.18 and 3.0.4, TiDB supports using the system variable `tidb_allow_remove_auto_inc` to control whether the `auto_increment` property of a column is allowed to be removed by executing `ALTER TABLE MODIFY` or `ALTER TABLE CHANGE` statements. It is not allowed by default.
```
原文此处似乎有错误，请帮忙向原作者确认该系统变量的名称是 `tidb_allow_remove_auto_inc` 还是 `tidb_remove_auto_inc`，谢谢～
